I feel like the DA/lone wolf doesn’t think of others or anticipate their needs (attunement) . It seems from my perspective that you have lived your whole life not part of anyone or anything and mainly considering your own wants and needs and not aware that this is not what a healthy relationship looks like. Maybe it’s fine had you married another DA/lone wolf. It actually completely denies relationship and connection. I think you have blinders on to it. The warmth and caring that should be there. The consideration and thoughtfulness and the gratitude for having people to care about even when it’s doing the hard things, the chores, the right choices when you don’t feel like it. 

  

I think I’ve gone through this entire marriage and raising children virtually alone with the full burden of responsibility resting on my shoulders. There is so much more to it than money and providing. That’s a big deal but not at all the gist of it. You step in occasionally as the weekend fun guy but our deeper needs feel like they are overlooked and somehow a burden to you or perceived as a set up to make you fail. There appears to not be ownership and planning for us. I wonder if you think about any of us while you’re out or are youre just in the moment with whatever you’re interested in. That’s why the sad feelings about your intense gym workout but you didn’t call your kids. DAs seem like others are a burden and don’t enter their minds. Just the basics seem annoying to you and it seems it’s more about pass/fail rather than empathy and care about our experience. Yes mistakes happen, but from my perspective it’s like you have been MIA since the beginning and your head is just not in it. I feel I pick up as much of the responsibility as I can. The planning, the ideas, the research, the purchase, getting everything set and everyone ready just to find the electrician didn’t do the electrical part and it breaks my heart that I/we weren’t thought of. No it’s not just about the boat. It’s about death by a thousand papercuts and a slow bleed out for too long. Even when I try to not have to depend on you as much as possible I can’t control what happened with the boat. It makes me think I have to give up on my dream because I can’t do everything. 

  

I think our priorities are very different and to me the most important thing is my family and relationships and God. I don’t care what coworkers think or hobbies etc. yeah those are nice but the people in my life are the real everlasting valuables, so that’s where I invest. It feels like you are so disconnected - like you’re just stepping in and out of a life that’s not really yours. That’s why it hurt. The passivity and low effort like we’re not your priority. Same with home chores - it’s like you think you’re doing it for me. Is this my show? No it’s not, but feels like you act like the guest star on my show. 

  

I feel like you have been this way out of survival for so long that you don’t even see it. If you do it’s like level one. I’m at a loss