---
---

7/7/25
Hey Little Man, I see you. I haven't always, but I see you now. You are so important to me. I know you've been through so much. Life has not been fair or even good to you. There's been an avalnche of terrible and hurtful things that have happen to you. I don't blame you for desperately trying to find a safe place to hide. That was the only way you were gonna survive because the amount of shit being hurled at you and ferocity with which it came at you literally left you no choice - you either stay topside and die or you find somewhere strong and safe to hide and have a chance to survive. I have to say you've found quite a strong place to shelter and to hide. This place has shielded you from stuff that has oblierated much stronger people than you and you've done a great job of hiding too! No one topside can even find you in here. They wouldn't even think to look in here and even if they did, its no easy task to get here and on top of that if they did make it this far, you'd totally hear them coming which would give you an alert and some time to go even deeper in the cave and find an even better place to hide. That's really smart. Very well done finding somewhere relatively safe to hide out until the death and destruction topside stops. 

I've spent alot of time topside and I know very well how traumatic it can be up there and the level of mental and soul destruction that can completely swallow you whole in literally an instant. But here's the thing, Little Man - yes, its an all out war-zone up there and on the surface it seems like there is no way to survive it but lots of people would think the same thing about you hiding out down here too. You're going to run into a cave without food or water (do you even have air to breathe all the way in there?) and unless you're a well trained cave-trekker, most people come into a cave like this and never come out. The ones that come out have had a lot of specialized training and have learned how to do it - there's a way TO DO it (and survive) and there's definitely ways to NOT do it in which you will never make it out of the cave alive. When you came running in here, you weren't trained for this; you didn't know how to do it, or how to survive down here, but look at you - you DID figure it out. You had to learn it as you went and you have a skill that many people don't have that helped you survive down here and that is that you somehow knew what you could test and what you couldn't test as you learned how to survive down here. Even though it maybe wasn't very pretty or polished and you didn't know then what you know now, you didn't make any fatal mistakes that would have killed lesser people down here without any training. Now, I get that you may have wanted to get lost down here and never come out and I totally get that given the way you were attacked up there but here's the thing - even though it may seem like a horrific war-zone right outside the cave, I'm telling you THERE IS GOOD up there to be experienced that you will never get even close to experiencing if you stayed down here. I'm telling you this because I know this to be a fact because I've experienced it myself and it would be such an incredibly awful waste if you never got to experience it yourself because you were too afraid to go up there and find out. Here's the deal, there are loads of soldiers that survive wars and live to tell about them. They often have heroic stories that are larger than life and all they say is they were just doing what they had to do to survive (much like what you had to do to learn how to survive down here). It is also true that there are plenty of heroic soldiers that do not survive the battle(s) they fought in and they sacrificed their life so that someone else could have a better life. I can't tell you that there is a guarentee that you will survive the battle up there but I CAN tell you that with the proper training (and the amount of effort you put into that training) you can literally change or turn the probabilities to favor your chances of victory by an enormous margin. Part of it depends on how far and how hard you want to train. There's a group of elite soldiers (The Navy Seals) that can be dropped behind enemy lines (outnumbered hundreds of thousands to one!?!?), and successfully accomplish missions that entire battalions cannot accomplish with all their strength put togehter - and not only that -> they walk about alive and can tell their story after it - and not only THAT -> but they do this day after day after day!! So what I'm saying is that there is a prize outside of this cave in which you can experience and truly/thoroughly enjoy life in ways and in dimensions that you don't even know how to comprehend yet and all you need to do to get there and enjoy that fruit is to train yourself and learn how to interact and how to survive (dare I say thrive?) in an all out war-zone and I've learned how to do some of it, but more importantly I know how to LEARN how to do it. I'll train with you every step of the way. You are so smart, Little Man. Just the fact that you've survived down here says so much about you and your strength, your courage, your smarts, your determination, your ferociousness - there is nothing that will stop unless you allow it to stop you. So rise up, Little Man!! Start training. Learn how to survive in a war zone. Learn your 'enemy'. Learn what makes them tick and by doing so you will also learn how to disarm them and if you can disarm them, the entire world is at your feet!